MusED
npm start
Runs the app in the development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

npm test
Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. See the section about running tests for more information. npm run build

Builds the app for production to the build folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Deployment
Using firebase deploy and/or Heroku

Config.js
I have to put this file in git ignore because of my google api keys being displayed. the following config needs to be created in order to run. Then, generate firebase.rc file

/**

NOTE: This file is ignored from git tracking. In a CI environment it is
generated by firebase-ci or build/create-config.js based on config in
.firebaserc (see .travis.yml). This is done so that environment specific
settings can be applied. */
export const env = 'development'

// Config for firebase export const firebase = { apiKey: '', authDomain: 'mused-1111.firebaseapp.com', databaseURL: 'https://mused-1111.firebaseio.com', projectId: 'mused-1111', storageBucket: 'mused-1111.appspot.com' }

// Config for react-redux-firebase // For more details, visit http://react-redux-firebase.com/docs/api/enhancer.html export const reduxFirebase = { userProfile: 'users', // root that user profiles are written to enableLogging: false, // enable/disable Firebase Database Logging useFirestoreForProfile: true // Save profile to Firestore instead of Real Time Database // updateProfileOnLogin: false // enable/disable updating of profile on login // profileDecorator: (userData) => ({ email: userData.email }) // customize format of user profile }

export default { env, firebase, reduxFirebase }